Israel has ruled out allowing basic
resources or humanitarian Aid into Gaza
until Hamas releases the hostages it
abducted during the weekend attack at
least 1300 Israelis were killed in the
assault and at least 150 people are
thought to have been kidnapped Israel's
total blockade of Gaza means food and
clean water are running out the Main's
electricity is cut and raw sewage is
building up in the streets gaza's Health
Ministry says Israel sustained
bombardment has now killed more than
1,400 people nearly a third of them
children the Red Cross says the blockade
risks turning gaza's hospitals into
moreres warning fuel for generators
could run out on Thursday but Israel's
energy Minister has insisted no
electricity fuel or Water Supplies will
be turned on until the hostages are home
the US Secretary of State has assured
Israel of Washington's unwavering
support and warned its adversaries
against taking advantage of the
situation speaking after talks in Tel
Aviv with the Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu Anthony blinkin said Israel
had the right to defend itself but
stressed precautions must be taken to
avoid harming civilians of any
nationality our chief International
correspondent Le duet is in sedarat in
southern Israel very close to the Gaza
Israel border she says people in Gaza
are preparing for another difficult
night well the sun is Now setting on
what is day six of this war and all the
signs are that this war is set to get
worse much worse where we are now stot
at this point is less than a mile from
the Gaza border and on the horizons you
see the black smoke Rising that's Gaza
City now under Non-Stop bombardment and
at this moment gazin are braced for the
night to come many now saying they hate
the night a time of intense aerial
bombardment that they have never seen in
their lives and here on this side
throughout the day there's been the
constant crack of Israeli artillery
firing into Gaza we've also heard the
deafening blast of the air defense
system Israel uses the Iron Dome to
intercept missiles fired by Hamas and
two in this border community and all
along the places that we visited in
southern Israel along the Gaza border
you see the preparations today it was
the endless stream of big lores white
unmarked carrying Provisions no doubt
for the front where troops are massing
artillery and armor for what's expected
to be a a land Invasion at some point
the military piece is getting into place
today the diplomacy was in was what was
a focus with the arrival of the US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin with
two messages from Washington that Israel
has will have the support of the United
States its staunchest Ally but that it
must also remember that even in war
There are rules and that humanitarian
concern is also deepening as the
humanitarian crisis in Gaza gets ever
worse that Complete Siege that Israel
has imposed on the territory targeting
civilians at a time of war is a war
crime and the United States all of
Israel's allies who are making it clear
they stand by Israel at this time this
unprecedented time for the Jewish state
but they also don't want Israel to come
under criticism for putting civilians in
harms way but quite frankly the mood
here has hardened so much after the
horrific events which began on Saturday
and there are many here in fact the
mayor of stot told us the reason why it
hasn't worked in the past is because
Western leaders have called the prime
minister of of Israel after one week of
an operation or two and said stop he
said and it reflects the public mood
here and possibly the political mood
this time we shouldn't stop we have to
destroy Hamas and Jihad but there are
others who say that it just won't work
you have to find a political way out
when this war is over